This assignment requires you to complete a one-page response to a question of your choice. Choose the one that most interests you and develop a high-quality, thoughtful response. Do not attempt to answer all questions. The goal is to demonstrate your understanding of the module and that you have read the relevant literature. Each response should include citation(s) and reference(s) that show you have gone deeper than what has been presented in lecture.  Your one-page response should be double-spaced.  Include your name and question number in the header or a separate cover page. Provide the references on a separate page. 

Do NOT submit a 2+ page response.  In the words of Mark Twain, "I didn't have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead". It is often challenging to be succinct and more difficult to constrain your thoughts to a single page.  The goal here is to force you to really reflect on the material and create a concise, stand-alone, referenced response that demonstrates your understanding.

Late work may not be graded resulting in a score of 0 point for that module.  If you have extenuating circumstances you must coordinate with the professor in advance.

Question 1: Identify and describe a recent example of a potential boomerang effect.  You do not need to have respondent data for actual attitudinal belief toward the ad.  Rather, identify an ad that intuitively has the potential for boomerang, describe it, and provide a recommendation to mitigate the risk of boomerang.
Question 2: Identify and describe a recent persuasive ad.  Which components of the reasoned action model are targeted by the ad.  How effective do you think the ad will be and why?
Question 3: Identify and describe a recent example of a belief echo in American politics.  Please avoid strong partisan opinions and remain objective.
Ensure your responses demonstrate a knowledge of the lesson material. Submit your completed assignment in MS Word or PDF formats.



2:
Reasoned action model: 
Attitudinal Beliefs: This corresponds to "Attitude Toward the Behavior." It reflects the individual's beliefs about the outcomes of the behavior and how these beliefs influence their attitude.

Injunctive Norms: This aligns with "Subjective Norms." Injunctive norms refer to perceptions of what important others think one should do, indicating social approval or disapproval.

Descriptive Norms: This is another aspect of "Subjective Norms," focusing on perceptions of what others are actually doing (i.e., the behavior that is commonly practiced).

Behavioral Control: This component can be seen as related to perceived behavioral control in the extended version of the model (Theory of Planned Behavior). It refers to the individual's belief in their ability to perform the behavior, factoring in external constraints or facilitators.